Harry was on to something big this is
very exciting are you excited yeah I
think you just peed a little
oh no that's me
[Music]
that's very twisty it's not the sort of
place you want to visit a lot
I'm gonna be pretty good at being alone
today nope that did not thing right at
all have you ever talked to a woman
before
some in there hit you uh geez did you
just talk whoa did you just understand
me you can understand me I've been so
lonely
there's magic that brought us together
and that magic is called hope you can
talk to humans I can dr. Pokemon you can
talk to each other
we're gonna do this me you found
yourself a pokémon partner yeah she's
trying to work me kid but trust me I
can't haul sweet mother of Arceus that
feels so good
[Music]
[Applause]
what are you doing I can't do when
people are watching
[Applause]
this is very exciting are you excited
yeah I think he just peed a little
so oh no that's me that was me Pokemon
detective Pikachu rated PG May 10
it started with the beat drop that came
in my mind it failed so divisive can't
describe to my kind and I'm the master
of the I created this bit just a
while yo but now I'm here for the I
gotta tell ya